We are the elders of the company
How can you let this trash ride on your head
Let you acquire Shunyang Technology
We don't agree
You're right, we definitely don't agree.
We can't agree
What should I do with Du Chen?
If you can't acquire Shunyang Technology
The previous funds were all wasted
This is a room full of business leaders.
Celebrities of Jiang Province
You do this
Aren't you afraid of ruining the fertility of the Du Group?
Hahahahaha what a joke
The dignitaries of Jiang Province present
They are all here for the face of the third young master
How much?
I think you think a little too highly of yourself
What are you?
Dare to point fingers in front of me
Zhong Lao is your father's right-hand man
Or a shareholder of Newlywed Entertainment
How dare you do this to him!
How dare you hit me?
People like you
You don't deserve to be the heir to the Du Corporation
Get out of the consortium
Du Cheng
The louder you are now, the more meaningful it is to me
Don't blame me for not giving you a chance
You have been at home for 20 years
I will consider selling Shunyang Technology to you.
How did it go?
Du Cheng can take 3 billion is already benevolent
Why let him take 2 billion
Shut the fuck up
This 2 billion if you don't take it
Shunyang Technology, don't even think about it.
I have more money
But this 2 billion I'm feeding the dog
I won't give you this over-and-over trash
Du Chen
I don't think you understand the situation yet
It 2 billion you don't take it out
Shunyang Technology, don't even think about it.
If you don't believe me
Ask everyone
He can't take it 5 billion he has to take it out
Because 5 billion we don't sell
Resolutely can't sell
Do you hear me?
Just a word from me
The whole city goes up and down
Everyone will speak the same voice
No one dares to say yes to me